`azurerm_mssql_managed_instance` - Add possible value `SQL_AustraliaEast_MI_2`  for `maintenance_configuration_name` property (#20886)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_managed_instance.html.markdown

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

> * `maintenance_configuration_name` - (Optional) The name of the Public Maintenance Configuration window to apply to the SQL Managed Instance. Valid values include `SQL_Default`, `SQL_EastUS_MI_1`, `SQL_EastUS2_MI_1`, `SQL_WestUS2_MI_1`, `SQL_SoutheastAsia_MI_1`, `SQL_AustraliaEast_MI_1`, `SQL_AustraliaEast_MI_2`, `SQL_NorthEurope_MI_1`, `SQL_SouthCentralUS_MI_1`, `SQL_UKSouth_MI_1`, `SQL_WestEurope_MI_1`, `SQL_EastUS_MI_2`, `SQL_EastUS2_MI_2`, `SQL_WestUS2_MI_2`, `SQL_SoutheastAsia_MI_2`, `SQL_NorthEurope_MI_2`, `SQL_SouthCentralUS_MI_2`, `SQL_UKSouth_MI_2`, `SQL_WestEurope_MI_2`, `SQL_AustraliaSoutheast_MI_1`, `SQL_BrazilSouth_MI_1`, `SQL_CanadaCentral_MI_1`, `SQL_CanadaEast_MI_1`, `SQL_CentralUS_MI_1`, `SQL_EastAsia_MI_1`, `SQL_FranceCentral_MI_1`, `SQL_GermanyWestCentral_MI_1`, `SQL_CentralIndia_MI_1`, `SQL_JapanEast_MI_1`, `SQL_JapanWest_MI_1`, `SQL_NorthCentralUS_MI_1`, `SQL_UKWest_MI_1`, `SQL_WestUS_MI_1`, `SQL_AustraliaSoutheast_MI_2`, `SQL_BrazilSouth_MI_2`, `SQL_CanadaCentral_MI_2`, `SQL_CanadaEast_MI_2`, `SQL_CentralUS_MI_2`, `SQL_EastAsia_MI_2`, `SQL_FranceCentral_MI_2`, `SQL_GermanyWestCentral_MI_2`, `SQL_CentralIndia_MI_2`, `SQL_JapanEast_MI_2`, `SQL_JapanWest_MI_2`, `SQL_NorthCentralUS_MI_2`, `SQL_UKWest_MI_2`, `SQL_WestUS_MI_2`, `SQL_KoreaCentral_MI_1`, `SQL_KoreaCentral_MI_2`, `SQL_WestCentralUS_MI_1`, `SQL_WestCentralUS_MI_2`, `SQL_UAENorth_MI_1`, `SQL_SwitzerlandWest_MI_1`, `SQL_SwitzerlandNorth_MI_1`, `SQL_UAENorth_MI_2`, `SQL_SwitzerlandWest_MI_2`, `SQL_SwitzerlandNorth_MI_2`, `SQL_FranceSouth_MI_1`, `SQL_FranceSouth_MI_2`, `SQL_SouthAfricaNorth_MI_1`, `SQL_KoreaSouth_MI_1`, `SQL_UAECentral_MI_1`, `SQL_SouthAfricaNorth_MI_2`, `SQL_KoreaSouth_MI_2`, `SQL_UAECentral_MI_2`, `SQL_SouthIndia_MI_1`, `SQL_SouthIndia_MI_2`, `SQL_AustraliaCentral_MI_1`, `SQL_AustraliaCentral2_MI_1`, `SQL_AustraliaCentral_MI_2`, `SQL_AustraliaCentral2_MI_2`, `SQL_WestIndia_MI_1`, `SQL_WestIndia_MI_2`, `SQL_SouthAfricaWest_MI_1`, `SQL_SouthAfricaWest_MI_2`, `SQL_GermanyNorth_MI_1`, `SQL_GermanyNorth_MI_2`, `SQL_NorwayEast_MI_1`, `SQL_BrazilSoutheast_MI_1`, `SQL_NorwayWest_MI_1`, `SQL_WestUS3_MI_1`, `SQL_NorwayEast_MI_2`, `SQL_BrazilSoutheast_MI_2`, `SQL_NorwayWest_MI_2`, `SQL_WestUS3_MI_2`. Defaults to `SQL_Default`.

Reviewer: we can reduce this to:

```suggestion
* `maintenance_configuration_name` - (Optional) The name of the Public Maintenance Configuration window to apply to the SQL Managed Instance. Valid values include `SQL_Default` or an Azure Location in the format `SQL_{Location}_MI_{Size}`(for example `SQL_EastUS_MI_1`). Defaults to `SQL_Default`.
```

Author: Thanks for your feedback. The code has been updated. Could you please take another look?
